No.
Hey Anish.
in the official config?
And let me get your new PR.
Ooh.
That's a nice PR.
Where's your PR?
Hey, just PR the new and I'll fix
whatever.
I've been waiting for this. How much
code?
This is not bad.
Bet it didn't do rendering, did it?
If this has rendering, this is goated.
What in the hell is this?
Wait.
Oh.
It has a simple version render.
Definitely some vibes in here, but
there's also some reasonable knowledge.
What's that? Uh, CraftX. Some Elliot
ported crafter to say.
Well, we're going to do your stuff first
of all. How's it going?
I'm happy to chat on Discord as well at
some point if you'd like cuz I think we
have um, let's see what progress we've
got first.
I
tank
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes. This is going to be good.
All right, Vault.
We haven't full solved it, but we're so
close with this.
Game works good adding dot C so you can
play.
Yeah, definitely want that.
Hang on.
My brain is not working. Hey, Vault.
This is, let's give you a sense of how
much leagues I've been freaking playing
lately.
I bank, okay, I banked the full
infinity.
But, uh,
we got the fire cape, we got the beaver.
We got a couple few 99s.
I ground out full infinity yesterday.
And the master wand and the mage's book.
>> [clears throat]
>> I've kind of just been enjoying myself
for a few days.
I it's leagues.
Done with relics? Dude, no, not even
close. Are you kidding me?
This is I just got
um
there.
Uh this is the build so far. I'm on tier
six.
I haven't played I have not played a
league since the first one. So, I'm kind
of just figuring stuff out. And like
some of the stuff I'm doing could
definitely be way faster.
Like I thought it would be worth it to
get Infinity cuz I thought it would take
2 hours and it ended up taking 5.
submission
Uh I mean it was 30 hours of gameplay,
roughly 33 hours of gameplay
to the first person ever to tier eight.
But that's with like an op optimally
routed thing.
Right? That's like with an optimal route
uh route for point rush.
And I think there was a bug as well that
made it faster.
Cuz they all got they got unlimited
superiors on day one. Like literally
they would just spawn infinite superiors
one after another.
I think a bunch of people just got free
99 slayer.
>> I did do the triple jabs.
So,
I'm warming up for the Inferno. I think
I'm going to do a bunch of Inferno on
leagues. Trying to better understand the
content.
Yeah, then we'll call it that.
For for this project.
I think if I just go get if I unlock
karambwans at the very least anglers
karambwans I have unlimited food.
I don't have unlimited prayer though.
Mhm.
Missile interceptor end.
Pretty nice.
Okay, so this is the wrong one.
Because hang on, we have better than
this.
Uh I have not been able I've done four.
I think I've done four with melee as
well. I haven't been able to do five.
It gets really weird at some point
because like you have you can't click
the prayers when you see the attack
animation. You have to like wait a tick
otherwise you switch prayers off before
it registers. It's really annoying.
Isn't there like a league specific jab
thing as well?
That actually would be a fun thing to
throw the agent at after Inferno.
>> All right.
So, this should be quite a bit better
now.
I don't actually know what it is. I
haven't tried it.
I think to be fair with the final build
that I will have, I will literally just
be able to tank Jad hits.
So, maybe I can do it then.
I actually don't think the major out was
super good
to be honest with you.
Uh because all the early bosses that you
would want to do have 500 mage defense.
Hello, Spencer. We are checking on it
right now. Looks like it's pretty good.
We're going to watch it.
I'm going to see how it goes.
I definitely need to port this stupid
caching script to see.
Range mid game and mage later.
Uh, I could see that.
The thing is like, you really don't need
the healing from
magic if you take the endless whatever
the
If you take the food relic, you don't
really need anything else.
Cuz you can just spam
baron wands every two ticks or was it
three ticks?
Or you can like
angler baron or whatever
infinitely.
I saw 0.95 before. Hang on, something's
wrong.
Wait, why would you go mage late game?
Unless they're doing the air build.
I thought that the tryhards were going
to do um
Asgarnia, go get five godswords.
Then Morytania, go get a Noxious scythe.
And then run that with blind bag.
There's apparently a thing where you can
have five sites and just have five sites
always win.
All right, does it work now or am I
still dumb?
Dude, how stupid am I?
Uh have I gotten this?
maybe range is better on Inferno early.
But you still need to get a decent
crossbow, right?
I think I'm going to do three raid
regions.
Cuz like in my mind, there only there
only really five pieces of content left
in the game that I need to practice and
really do well
to complete GM.
And it's the three raids, uh Inferno,
and Colosseum.
shadow powered staff thing
Yeah, I was thinking of getting shadow
cuz I basically just have to swap one
extra point and then I have a shadow
build.
But shadow is I think it's a two tick
You get two tick shadow.
You can also if you don't want to do
that, you can get like one tick sang.
I was thinking one tick sang might be
decent.
I have to do tob for that though and I
don't know how you do tob in mage gear.
I was thinking if I could get
confliction gauntlets then you probably
can mage anything you want, but that's
kind of tough to do.
How hard?
I think there was quite a bit of vibes
involved, but
you do also need to know what you're
doing.
Some of the code's a little uh sus.
All right, boom. Hey vault, check this
[ __ ] out.
The point 95, what's that?
Oh, it actually got to Zark apparently a
few times.
Yeah, yeah, it got to Zark
a few times.
All right, 4096 agents. So, this is
looking way better, man. So, with these
fixes, it's no longer picking stupid ass
models.
So, it's actually quite a big model,
which is funny. Like this is quite a big
model for it to be playing with.
Uh training is easy, Anish.
Buffer lip just does that.
I do think we should give it some extra
Bastion potions, Volt.
One Bastion potion is not enough.
It'll speed things up a quite a bit.
It got to it did wave 35 to 65. It
actually even got to Zark a few times
with no bruise.
That's pretty cool.
>> 10 mil per amp network still
interesting.
Training running crash my MacBook.
Yeah, you need some real machines for
this.
I've been running sweeps though, man.
We've got
Here, I'll show you the data while we
like like this train.
So I can put this in linear time.
You can see it's this log linear It's
pretty close to log linear. Yeah.
Caps out a little here.
Uh you're training on a potato, man, and
that's kind of a medium difficulty and
Actually, mazes the bigger ones are
quite hard.
We're almost almost beating this whole
thing, well, almost there.
We're going to train the policy and
we're going to watch it for a little bit
and we're going to see how that goes.
Oh, no wonder I'm tired. I forgot to
make myself my espresso.
I will be right back.
10% of the port manually. 10% of this
port is still a lot of work.
If you'd said 1%, I would be pretty
annoyed.
10 is a good number.
>> I should add a thing to sweeps.
Where it saves the uh the best policy so
far.
Do you reckon we can solve
Fire Red?
Uh Anish, the only tough thing with the
Pokémon game, well, not the only tough
thing.
The main tough thing though
with the Pokémon games
is how slow they run.
Like
that guy had to do a ton of
manual reward engineering and stuff
because
Pokémon Red runs between 100 and 1,000
times slower than the same thing would
run
in native C.
So, it's very limiting.
Oh, yeah.
Well, there was one cool thing I found
with the leagues that I was kind of
proud of that uh I didn't see any of the
rank what like the top 10 people doing.
But, if you just mine some iron ore
with endless harvest.
And then you have the transmutation
relic, which most people had.
Uh you can transmute iron all the way up
to runite.
And then that sells for way more than
transmuted uh
transmuted runes do.
To the uh to the Tzar shop.
You get onyx super super quick with
that.
Helm is very good parts that require no
special understanding.
Useless for the parts that do ya.
That's pretty much how it works.
Ooh, look at this.
We're wave 63 here. You see this?
30-40 minutes.
This is starting wave 35.
But starting at wave 35 with no brews.
Oh, I do actually wonder.
You've got maybe brews are useful now.
Cuz before when I removed brews, it was
because they were getting nulled every
other after the first episode, they were
getting removed anyways.
I'm going to try re-running this exact
same thing with brews afterwards.
Uh while we're so while we're watching
the policy play, I'll train a new
version that gets brews.
Does it have inventory space for me to
give it a couple bastions.
Which brews for bastions?
Oh, wait the vault. When I said brews
didn't help before, it was because it
was only getting brews on the first run.
Remove Justy. Well, we're definitely
going to give it some different gear.
I was wondering if we should give it an
Eldritch staff.
That's kind of like the best item to
give it, right? Like an Eldritch staff
and an SGS maybe.
What did I take for my first cape, man?
I could go do the calcs.
Uh this one.
I use the gears cape one.
>> A word was not in the game when I did
it.
Yeah, there was some sort of breakpoint
here. I'm trying to remember what it
was. I can't pick fury.
I remember there was some sort of
breakpoint. Armor brew potions, yeah,
those would be good.
>> Oh, obviously with completion gauntlets.
Yeah, that's good.
Actually lose. You lose 3% act with the
alley.
Guy no treads rock. I was so happy when
I got mine. I got mine from Doom.
I got the eye and I got the treads. I
haven't gotten gauntlets yet.
Vambraces? Yeah, I don't think you need
vambraces. You have quiver on it?
91 act. So, I don't know if you use
This is -18 mage bonus.
What's an alley give you?
I mean, it's the passive really, right?
I really hate that they stuck ward in
the game though. Man, I really like I
miss the old arcane spirit shield
design. The ward doesn't look anywhere
near as cool.
What do you think about this loadout?
Crystal shield is troll.
Doesn't need crystal shield for sure.
We could give it like ward confliction
gauntlets.
Oh, and then if we want to do vamps,
right?
We could do confliction gauntlet
vambraces cuz then you don't camp the
gauntlets.
But then how Wait, how big is your
switch if you do this?
You would just Would you camp the justy
face guard?
No, cuz you have one, two, three, four.
Yeah, you have a five-way switch, which
is a little obnoxious.
What happens if we just do this?
What if we did masori camp
with an Ellie?
No justy.
What game is this?
Uh we're doing sims for Runescape
Inferno, and we're trying to figure out
gear setup.
Stain.
Lightbearer is very good. Hang on,
that's interesting.
Okay, you lose a lot of tankiness in
this setup.
But, you do have the LA.
It's also it's going to prayer flick
very well. It just needs the LA. This
also feels more fair in a sense because
like
this is a two-way switch, right?
This is just um
all you need to do is you put bow on and
then you put
vambraces. So, we do this with bow and
vambraces and pipe.
And then we figure out if we want to
give it anything else for spec web.
Like either SGS or Eldritch maybe.
I think it's going to be fast enough at
completing the waves that it doesn't
need Eldritch.
Look at the resource remaining. It has
tons of resources.
So, it's prayer flicking just fine.
Let's go check this policy.
And then we'll test some stuff.
>> GPU percentage in the dashboard, clearly
not memory. It's utilization.
Which is is not a great metric to be
fair.
All right, here we go. So, we're going
to have this thing here.
I'm going to give it 28.
Might need a free slot for the bow.
Then we'll watch it.
How's it about tank gear?
Flicking mage well? Yeah, it flicks very
well.
All right, we're going to train this.
Now it has some bruise to do.
It has some bruise.
The arrows still are weird, but
whatever.
Animations are way better.
I think you should make this thing 1080.
Like 1080 1080p, 1920 1080.
It's funny how it'll tag stuff with
blood barrage at the start.
1.5 fixed.
Do you actually play on fixed?
I have mine resizable with the UI scaled
up.
Yeah, projectile and orientation's
annoying, I know.
I think the projectile speeds are also
off because the
the hit spots register
before strength.
The modern thing?
What's the modern thing?
This is how I have my UI in the main
game. If I just move this, it's like
this, right?
Okay, that's pretty good that you can
actually just see it's two it's exactly
two ticks slow.
I knew it was slow. I didn't know how
slow.
Also, fun fact, um
I was the one who you used to not be
able to use the anti-drag plugin in PvP.
They had it restricted for some reason.
I was the one who
who enabled that. I PR'd it to like
remove the restriction, so now anti-drag
works everywhere.
I got really annoyed with that one day
and just like downloaded the
whole uh
it's like this awful Java setup for
RuneLite mods.
>> Open up Oh yeah, I remember that whole
thing.
I used to be in like a um
like a tier two PVM uh PVM clan.
There were like some people in there
that were probably oblivion quality.
Like a few of them that were super
sweats.
And uh those guys all used like open up
uh open OSRS.
I mean some of the stuff that's actually
now in RuneLite though that used to be
there.
Oh yeah, the big one I think was the
soap maze. Like the maze in tob was
literally just pre-solved for you with
socket.
The only one that I thought like
the only one that was crazy overpowered
to me that like of course I could I like
it would make everything so much easier
is the uh the countdown in ticks above
the enemy above an NPC's head and until
they'll hit you.
So they had like a tick countdown until
Verzik is going to hit again.
I don't know. I find it really tough to
count nine ticks.
for her attacks.
Well, I can count four ticks. I can't
count nine.
Yeah, the pre-solved maze, I remember
that.
And I was like decent at tob, not great.
I did the I got hard mode KC there. I
won though.
Tick overlay plugins.
Oh yeah, that would have made it so much
easier. Learning was so tough for that.
I still don't know how to properly tank
Verzik without missing DPS.
>> up to learn that for CAs, but probably
tob will be like the last CAs I go for.
Wait, how is the Hey, Vault, how is this
thing praying with zero prayer?
Um, hello?
It hasn't touched its potions, and it's
been just praying with zero prayer.
Oh, no.
I actually don't know if it has like a
fraction of a prayer point or something.
Why also the like dead mobs flicking in
and out of existence sometimes?
weird
It should have killed the major first. I
didn't see if it was off ticked.
It's funny that it like it'll just run
around like crazy.
Cuz it just doesn't care about the high
APM.
>> It might not be a recent vault. It might
have always been that way.
Either that or it's just perfectly
flicking. I don't know.
I'm a arena.
I have no idea who the hell that is.
500 Elo, I didn't I didn't look at it
yet, Jess. It looks like there was
something cool though.
Jess is going to be really nice. You
have it It's 5 mil SPS stable, right?
That's awesome.
All right, we're on wave 49 now.
It looks like the brews honestly don't
help, man.
>> Uh you can train it for pretty much
whatever tan my as long as you have a
fast sim.
Colette, you should not listen to
Colette about engineering though.
Blazing with prayers when had other
healing.
It could be that vault.
Oh, I mean you're watching it right here
vault. Yeah.
It's gotten to wave 60 566.
It's actually got a few of them to suck
here.
Omni reset.
Uh
So the plan for popper five is kind of
like that but substantially more
powerful.
State set base up is the correct
direction for research and um
that's what I'm going to be doing with
five but not until I've
had my fun
merging a bunch of ends and messing
around with some stuff and chilling for
a bit.
>> Like honestly, I think the best thing I
can do right now is to just kind of like
do
some short streams
when I feel like it,
um
enjoy leagues until I get bored of it,
get up some good R&R, and then come back
and fresh puff for five.
I don't even know. Could I do one of
these waves like this?
Are they same tick?
No, they're off ticked by one, right?
Yeah, I could not do this.
Well, now I could because it's just
ranger major.
I actually hate flicking these two cuz
it's I hate that it's like when the
animation starts. I find the flick
timing kind of awkward.
But, um this I could definitely do if I
needed to.
But, then the start of the wave
like having to do the blob and stuff
with this active is a lot harder.
Uh it's not a hack static. Like, resets
are mandatory. There's basically nothing
that It's basically algorithmically
impossible to replace what resets can
do. The thing that's a hack is that the
the way that they choose what states to
reset to in robotic specifically is a
hack.
This is why I said we're going to have a
much more powerful version of it that
doesn't rely on that.
Wait, is it LOSing here? It is LOSing
the blob, right?
But, then it just is going to take a
blob hit
for no reason.
This is so funny to me. Like, no human
player ever plays like this, right?
Oh, just going to stand in the major's
face
when I could have LOS the blob with the
pillar
because I don't give a [ __ ] cuz I'm just
prayer flick god.
Oh, wait. This actually means that it's
doing the um
it's doing the the blob flick at the
same time, right? Because otherwise it
can get same ticked.
Can't it?
I don't think I could do
Yeah.
Well, to be fair, like about the correct
comparison here would be if you had AHK,
right?
So, I don't know. Could I do this with
AHK?
I think I couldn't do it first try, but
I think with AHK I could learn to do
this.
Cuz that is actually the way that you
see it playing here, that is actually if
you've ever had somebody AHK against you
in PvP, that is exactly what they do.
They kind of just hit all their [ __ ]
buttons and switch a bunch, and then
they just hit you with random stuff.
And it's completely unpredictable cuz
they don't even know what they're doing.
They're just like spamming keys.
>> Okay, so
65.7
Bruce
Oh, wait. So, this is 65.7.
Wait, this thing did so much more
damage.
Wait.
Why is this one doing so much more
damage and having much longer episodes?
But, that's like that's a crazy
difference.
Wait, how is it so much faster with
Bruce?
I don't want to start it from wave 65
though.
Oh, wait. This thing is expecting to
have brews.
62, yeah.
Forgot about that.
I mean, this is the real challenge of
the Inferno, I suppose.
I think it's definitely as hard to do 62
onward with minimal supplies.
Like, that's the real challenge. That's
where most of your deaths probably are.
Uh, unless you It depends, I guess.
Oh, okay. We're just going to freeze the
melee here and [ __ ] flick everything
like a god.
Cool.
Yeah, no worries. I'll just flick blob,
mage, range, bat.
Yeah, it knows to restore its stats and
it knows how to use the bastions.
How do you figure out what goes into the
any file? You run the chipper pram
sweeps.
You run a sweep and then you go open
constellation.
And then you just right click on the
point in constellation that you want and
it copies all the hyper parameters to
your clipboard.
Everyone's favorite.
Boom, wave 62 solved with three doses of
brew used.
I don't think I could do wave 60. I
definitely can't do wave 62 standing in
the middle of the damn arena with three
doses of brew.
It's pretty aggressive using those brews
though.
They
flick a pray melee in there.
For fun, yeah.
Oh, it is getting kind of
wrecked.
Look at this. It's killing the [ __ ]
major first so that it can't res even
though it's flicking everything else in
the damn inferno. It's literally speed
running it.
No, it did just solve. Like look.
It literally killed the major first
while flicking everything
because it's faster.
I wonder if it's more aggressive when it
has brews.
Yeah, restored.
It does know to restore in order to um
to barrage.
It can't barrage with low magic, right,
Vault?
Okay, this one is actually like kind of
makes sense.
This one was just freeze one male error
and then flick range mage.
Uh of course, it's just doesn't even
bother freezing it and it's just like
I'm going to flick everything for fun.
There are a couple players that could do
this, though.
Like Addy could do this.
Barrage gated at six at 94, good.
It's kind of speed running.
Yeah, it totally is, right?
Actually, I bet you that it goes faster
if we let it keep the justy.
Because it's flicking the justy as tank.
I bet it goes even faster if you give it
an Ellie.
Like unironically?
I bet if we give it a light bearer
and an Ellie, I bet it gets faster.
Also, is Kodai still the best thing to
give it?
>> Uh purging staff. Now Kodai is pretty
good, right? I was thinking purging
staff.
Occult is no longer anywhere as good as
it used to be.
You would take completion gauntlets over
occult, wouldn't you?
Korva and site?
Just wait, do people actually Oh yeah,
they do, right?
Speedrunners take
Speedrunners take that?
Must put venator?
Uh I don't Do people take venator for
inferno?
Love thing with over heal. Oh, oh yeah,
the ancient um
the ancient whatever crusade, but it has
really [ __ ] magic bonus.
All right, we're on wave 66 here. I want
to see what it does if it actually
solves the full thing. My guess is it
Does it know how to do jads?
It must have cuz it got to Zuk.
It probably just doesn't have enough
practice on Zuk.
Yeah, ancient blood nice. Yeah, yeah,
you get those aren't Are those from
Muspah?
I thought each of the DT2 bosses dropped
a different gem.
As you get Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, the the
staff or whatever.
See, now it's going to just be sad
though cuz it has nothing to blood
barrage.
And no bruise. It can barrage the
healers, maybe.
Dude, why is Jad here? The [ __ ]
Why is Jad spawning over here?
They still stand at range.
Yeah.
I think Do they not have a max attack
range?
Did it just take damage?
A Jad?
Never reaching this far. Yeah.
That could mess with triples, right?
Okay, why is this the world's longest
jad? Like
it just isn't hitting.
Is it saving this bastion dose?
Uh, okay, it is barraging.
Wait, two healers?
Oh, three healers.
Okay, it is doing what you'd expect here
though. It is actually blood barraging
healers.
It's got them all grouped up. Come on,
blood barrage.
Blood barrage?
There we go. It's just It's just
splashing.
Models. Oh, yeah, the pillars will go
down, right?
Well, this is all good debug information
for you, right?
Cuz I got the model that goes this far.
Is it really not going to blood barrage
this last healer?
Very high mage stuff.
Possible to become an AI researcher
without college?
Uh, yeah, if you're smart and you work
hard.
I mean, honestly, more so than like
being taught stuff.
Um, there are a few things, but for the
most part, college and even PhD just
gives you a lot of time to figure [ __ ]
out yourself.
Did it just one? Okay, it is flicking on
the right tick.
Yeah, it just has not tagged the healer,
man.
Why is this not
It can't be farming DPS. Like it can't
be farming it, right?
It doesn't get rewarded for um
Oh.
Hey Vault, it's it's reward hacking.
Yeah, but it's stuck under the jad.
No, it can do that. I think healers can
re-aggro. I like they can re-heal if
you're too far or some [ __ ] right?
Oh, it is it did it hit it now.
No, but it's still healing.
But I think it's because
if you heal the enemy on a different
tick from when you hit,
No, I think I fixed that bug.
Did you keep my fix for that?
There.
Oh, it got the triples.
All right, we'll watch this after we
watch triples.
Oh.
Hey Vault.
You see anything wrong here?
All right.
The thing is literally [ __ ]
impossible. Cool.
Let's fix that [ __ ] and then see if it
works.
This is why you always watch the damn
model play the game.
The job spawned and they hit at the same
time.
It's always the sim. Always the sim is
wrong. Buffer is always correct. Always
the sim is what is wrong.
The funny thing Vault is it actually did
beat that.
Very rarely.
But there's damage on Zuk here.
I guess it got it either could have
gotten very lucky.
All right, how do we fix this so I can
just retrain this and we can win?
Also, I'm going to double check for that
bug.
This is why it was reward farming right
here.
Give me five. Yeah, you fix this and
then we'll redo and we'll I can actually
I can
Yeah, I can cook with this. This will be
good.
We beat Zuk today. Come on.
>> How do you can spot bugs so easily?
I'm just watching it play the game,
dude.
Bolt and I are both like what, top one
or two percent players?
200 points, still no solves on drive,
90%.
Might need to do something with the odds
representation, Spencer.
I wouldn't be surprised.
That point representation is just really
obnoxious.
We got the same problem with neural MMO.
So, we got two total ends where we don't
have custom encoder, and they're both
because the op structure is really
obnoxious.
Yeah, and this you're asking how I can
spot like RuneScape related
bugs and things so quickly.
This is my side monitor.
What's with the office setup? Thank you
for reminding me.
Proper training facility, my guy.
Training for AJs, training for me.
>> How long it take to be top 10% RS player
from zero?
Uh depends heavily on how good you are
at other games.
If you want to give it a try, you can
always just boot up leagues.
Leagues just launched.
Sorted to nearest
vote points to be quickly compatible.
We're going to have to figure out this
stupid point encoder problem at some
point, man.
I'm just waiting for a quick patch here
from um
from vault.
Is there bench and deadlift? You
literally just saw me bench. That was
two plates for nine.
In the background there.
See?
Right there.
As for deadlift,
I don't have any weight I don't have any
real weight on the deadlift at the
moment, but
Oops.
>> No need for warm-up when you do one
every 30 minutes.
Yeah, that night I intentionally will
wear sweats all day.
So my legs stay warm.
And I stretch in the evening so my
chest stays loose.
I'm also not just like going and doing
one arms randomly.
Stuns the jads is funny.
White monster? No.
I don't recommend energy drinks.
I did like permanent damage to my
uh my digestive system in college
with the uh amount of caffeine that I
had.
Like four energy drinks a day.
Okay, also probably the alcohol but
mostly the caffeine.
I mostly just drink these. These are
just seltzers.
Like zero cal seltzer.
No sugar, no sweetener.
More agents.
60 It doesn't need 64K and Spencer.
That would be a really weird to me.
Now I've stunned a one, four, and seven.
Wait, so that's three ticks apart,
right? Cuz seven
eight, nine, one.
Yeah, okay. That's two ticks between.
That's good.
>> Okay, so before the push,
what's the Jad wave?
So this should not solve and then once I
pull it should solve.
And we'll get it better.
Yeah.
I'm going to let this train for a
minute, see if it gets anywhere.
And then I'm going to do the same once I
pull changes.
Okay, so so far
it's just hard stuck on Jad, right?
I'm a little confused how it's doing.
Oh, actually
it is sort of possible to do this when
you have full bruise cuz you can tick
eat jad's, right?
You can't tick eat zuk, but you can tick
eat jad's.
So, right here it has 20 tick eats.
But, it brews all the way down in the
process.
I actually kind of want to see what it
does with this first, man, because
if it actually still is solving jad's
with like same tick jad's, that's kind
of insane.
Oh, wait, vault. It's because you can
tick eat all three of them, right?
Yeah, you literally you just have to eat
once per nine ticks. It's tick eating
all three of them.
That's way more damage though than the
things have health.
10 mil per hour?
Uh, that is the best according to sweep
Spencer, yeah.
In my mind, this task is more
complicated than anything else we have
by far.
Tick eating with zero drain stats.
Uh,
I mean, you're not too far off here,
right?
It's at 65.
I don't know why it hasn't learned to
restore yet.
I think we should see this policy just
to see what it does.
if we have checkpoints, I'll grab the
200 epoch checkpoint of this thing.
That should work.
Cuz this thing is surviving for like way
longer than it should be able to.
Very reasonable one. Oh, yeah, you're
right.
Let's see. Let's try it out.
I mean, this is going to be really cool
either way, right?
>> All right.
Triples.
Okay, it doesn't eat on 99. That's
interesting.
Wait.
Vault.
You have damage count when they um
when the projectiles land?
Yeah, it's flicking Look at this. The
damage is getting count when the
projectiles land.
You see this?
Do you not see the uh
23k Stardust here?
Checked it many times.
Well, why it dying?
It's not tick eating.
It's just praying.
They're all attacking at the same time
and it's flicking them somehow.
Let me pull this and we'll try
retraining.
>> Shouldn't even have the range here,
should they?
Uh, I don't think so.
Uh, so this was before I pulled your
fix, man. I wanted to see
So, without your fix, they are all
they spawn same tick.
And then it looks to me like the damage
is getting calked when the projectiles
land.
But see, here it's just not killing the
healers.
Yeah, 20K damage is just not killing
Well, I think I know how to fix this.
This is your thing.
Here, let me try fixing something.
Cuz I had fixed this and I think that
you undid it.
I'll show you.
Let me this will teach you something.
Okay, so this here this check, this lets
it infinitely farm reward provided that
it's not getting healed on the same
tick.
So, god healers heal it on a different
tick, it doesn't lose anything and it
infinitely farms reward.
>> Yeah, exactly.
But if you do the thing that I did, I
think it fixes it.
Cuz it gets penalized for [ __ ] healing.
I just removed the cap where it can't go
negative.
>> How much health do each of these things
have?
Okay.
Well, it does more damage then.
It might be getting scared because it is
dying.
It might be suiciding so that um
doesn't lose
Well, I think that with your thing, it
was far it was farming reward
infinitely.
And now with my thing, I think it's just
suiciding so that um it doesn't lose the
the healing reward.
But this is more than 350 damage.
Which is what it would be for um one
jad.
So possibly now
I wouldn't be surprised if your fix
breaks it vault because I think that
they
I think that they were off tickable
before and now maybe they're not off
tickable.
Projectile land with hit delay, god
damn.
Told you.
I knew it.
Yeah, it's only 8 seconds difference
with Venator.
I didn't miss anything, did I?
trigger
And there you go, Bastion.
range pots
143. So, yeah, that's not worth it at
all.
How much do you use this from confection
comp?
Confection gauntlet let's add.
Okay, 10 seconds quite a bit.
A little better, but still kind of
stuck.
Let's copy this checkpoint.
Yeah.
This is why the visualizer is so nice to
have, right?
>> All right, triples.
Bonk.
I know what's going to happen.
Is it going to half kill all of them and
then suicide?
Okay, but it's not they're already off
tick, so
Uh yeah, exactly. It half kills all of
them and then suicides.
Uh is there a jad healers alive vault?
It might lose signal.
It probably will figure it out.
>> I guess I can do this and just see.
It's probably just going to learn to off
tick is the thing.
Without this it'll probably it'll just
learn to off tick.
Here Vault, can you try something real
quick for me?
Can you just add to this thing
um
Can you just track the minimum HP so far
on each enemy?
And then just do the reward for damage
uh damage dealt like below the minimum
HP.
Beyond certain HP.
Yeah, just basically track
track the minimum HP of each enemy
and then the reward is just going to be
uh
like current HP minus minimum HP and
then update minimum HP.
So, essentially, if it gets healed back
up
you don't get rewarded until you like
you get rewarded for reducing it below
the minimum HP it had before.
Try that real quick.
That should be relatively easy and push
that and I'll fix it there.
>> That's hilarious.
>> [laughter]
>> The proposed note.
That's hilarious.
Additional [ __ ]
Yeah, if you just do something quick,
Voltol pull it.
Yeah, I don't post like random politics
stuff.
Because my view here is just like
it's not like posting this is not going
to do anything.
Um, except like
get people who disagree with your
politics to not follow your tech.
Like the way that you're actually going
to fix things is by invalidating most
problems just by massively advancing
tech in all areas.
I don't think you'd be terribly
surprised.
I made a very conscious decision with my
um
my stuff here is I don't comment on
anything political
unless it is directly, and I mean
directly, AI.
You know, if there's like a proposal
that we should just ban all AI models
above a certain number of flops, I'm
going to say, "Hey, this is some
[ __ ] Stop this crap."
Um but that's pretty much it.
Uh the American flag is not a political
symbol.
It's my damn country's flag.
2.2K damage is more than twice as much
damage as it should have to do.
It is starting Zuck now.
This should be a triples into win
though.
Like this training here.
This should do triples and then win.
Also, we're going to have to try the
full run.
I wouldn't be surprised if the full run
is actually not that hard because you
learn a lot of good techniques and stuff
that'll be transferable.
But I think we're going to send a
um
We'll send like a 63 on run or something
after this.
I'm kind of enjoying just chilling and
doing this today.
Plus I got We got this guy here. I still
got to get this up before I can even do
Moon's apparel. We got lots of stuff to
do.
Good at complex strategy rogue-like
games going to beat humans.
RL is superhuman on a lot of stuff. You
just need a fast sim.
If you can get me a fast simulator of
whatever the task is,
um RL's pretty damn good.
Can't be a dependent on like language
and stuff, though.
I mean, the Inferno is a monstrously
difficult piece of content.
Okay, six.
What are we stuck on here?
Oh.
Wait, we're hitting Zahk healers?
Uh if that thing exists in Discord and
you tell me what it is, then yes.
There's no way it can farm healer reward
on Zahk, right?
>> Wait, why is it at 460 health?
I thought healers won lower than that.
What's that mean?
I think it's farming healers or
something.
Because Zux's HP here
it keeps going down a little bit and
then it gets to healers and goes back
up. And you get a little bit of healer
damage, but not very much.
Oh, so it just doesn't know to go back
on Zux, you think?
No, because it would kill the healers.
It's not killing the healers fully.
The healers would still give it a
reward.
>> I know it's not the lowest.
Yeah, I'm assuming it it got it, right?
It got to uh healers.
Then it's healed back up.
We'll have to watch this thing.
I could just pull a 600 epoch checkpoint
from this one we can watch that.
I actually want to let this keep running
though cuz it is kind of doing more
damage to healers.
We'll pull this without killing it, I
guess.
Uh-oh.
It thinks triples are coming.
All right.
There we go.
This guy knows how to suck.
Um, you're going to get
sniped if you do that. You can't stand
there, dude.
All right, there we go.
Boom.
Yeah, this is it. It's doing suck.
Oh, that's a suck hit, my guy. You can't
be taking those.
That's a humble suck hit.
Can't be taking those though.
Boom.
Why are you not in front of the shield?
Fault.
It's take eatable.
Suck is take eatable.
It just doesn't give a [ __ ] It's tick
eating.
At least that's a cool bug.
It's like hey, you can't hit my you
can't hit me if I stand under you and
tick eat Zuck.
Yeah, Zuck is specifically coded to not
be tick eatable.
It will just sit there and tick eat
Zuck. Like it doesn't care. It has lots
of bruise.
Why bother standing behind the shield?
That's too easy. I can just sit here and
[ __ ] tick eat.
Yeah, who cares is a ranger hitting me?
I can tick eat the world.
I'll stand in front of the shield
sometimes if I feel like it.
I mean this is we're trading some cool
models here.
This is going to be probably the most
useful research end for like just a
really hard task and really good for
state set stuff.
All right, you got ranger jad up. What
are you going to do with ranger jad?
Oh, you're going to just stand under the
ranger so it doesn't hit you. That's
cool.
Is it just going to proc healers with
Jad? Is it going to try to Jad skip?
And then just completely fail and die?
Now it spawns healers.
Okay, it's tagging them.
Uh, did it tag all three or just one?
I think it tagged all three and it just
hit zeros.
Yeah, it just healed to full even though
I didn't see the heal animation.
So that's annoying cuz now it's just not
going to want to um
it's not going to want to finish Jad
probably.
I mean, at the very least, I guarantee
you that this fight has never been done
like this in the real game.
Like no human player has ever done this
fight this way.
This is totally like a Woox video.
It's just showboating, right?
Now you're not going to Jad skip while
another set is going to spawn, are you?
Really, we're going to try a job skip
with two sets.
We're just like [ __ ] around because
we can here.
They're healers.
And it doesn't tag them.
Ah, okay. So, it destroys the
curriculum.
Cuz it's going to kill the healers.
Well, okay, it dies here.
No, it ticket, I guess.
But like Zach is going to get full
healed and then it's just not going to
know that it needs to keep hitting it.
Uh and eventually it screws up cuz it
just [ __ ] around too much.
Interesting.
Tick eating fix, good.
Everything else in the inferno is tick
eater bullets, specifically just Zark
that isn't.
Inferno would be so much easier if you
could just take eating Zark.
Is the There's like the redemption flick
work with Zark?
I know that one works with um
uh green ball, right? At top.
Yeah, let me think what we do about
this.
>> EVP is just like it rolls the true max
hit.
Yeah, so if this reward doesn't work
even starting from Zul'jin,
then there's definitely a problem.
Going to fit in the rest of the code.
Yeah.
It just
The Zul'jin I think that all you have to
do vault is Zul'jin has to roll.
Zul'jin's attack has to roll off of its
true max hit, not off of your current
health.
What do you mean it leaks tick eats on
non-lethal rolls?
What do you mean it leaks to keeps on
non lethal rolls?
Can't get
get that past that.
Yeah, that's how Zuck works.
You can eat before Zuck hits you
and you'll have a lower chance of dying.
Right, cuz that Zuck counts his damage
and then you eat so you increase your
health.
In the real like in the main game, it's
still better to eat.
If you know you leaked the shot because
you have a lower chance of it actually
rolling the
the kill.
I thought I had a 3-minute config for
this.
But this is a much faster learning
config, so I cannot sit here and wait
forever.
Full now.
The ticket fixed.
I can do that. One moment.
Yeah, I don't think that this reward is
going to work.
Board change.
Uh, the like the minimum threshold
thing.
I don't know if it'll work or not. We'll
see.
We're hitting healers, but I think it's
a little too It's too little too late.
We don't beat Jed. Or but we don't beat
Zach with this.
this way from the start,
something weirder might be up, right?
All right, I think I need to actually
figure out reasonable reward then.
Yeah, I can't just penalize dying
because then it can like
it can just chill.
God healer reward what God healer
reward?
>> They want to try this and I'm going to
try a couple things.
I mean this is solid progress though
with triples being literally impossible.
You can use the fast one if you'd like
here.
It's all right. We got lots of sweet
power for this.
We're going to figure out some
scenery
>> Wait, where the hell is the normal
damage reward, dude?
The normal damage reward reward is gone,
isn't it?
at all.
One before the healers proc was in this
would learn it in two minutes.
whole thing.
That aligns with healers. Yeah, I
wouldn't be surprised.
It's way harder now.
Having to tag healers correctly is
probably the hardest part.
It's doing something weird though.
It's definitely doing something weird.
Because
>> Hey.
56 mining.
Uh, nothing. It just chills.
That's weird.
>> Why does it just stand here?
Presumably it's loading wrong.
>> Uh I've seen this happen before, but
it's just like when you're loading [ __ ]
wrong.
Are we just going to sit here like this,
man?
I don't know.
Weird.
Also, what happened to this S safe spots
thing?
Over debug artifact.
Oh, there are safe spots for Zuk,
though.
Well, I think it's just the healers now
are actually healing, right?
I'll figure it out. Let me load Let me
train this one and see if this one
stands still.
>> This is spamming random
actions actually.
Cuz it's still behind it's walking
behind the shield.
Not random.
Using this box right now to like
debug this and then I got the sweeps
running on the other one.
I want to get this so we can re-sweep it
again tonight.
We can probably find you a box to play
with honestly. I just haven't like there
are a bunch of them that I just need to
update the uh drivers on.
>> Oh, yeah. There's this game and there's
this boss.
Don't use your work credits for this.
Yeah.
Pretty awesome project.
I can get you access to one of these
boxes. I just got to figure out who the
hell's on them.
>> All right, we're going to give him some
actual potions.
I have eight bastion doses.
24 brew doses.
Oh, I wonder if it's good enough for me
to actually be able to do zap on the
other sim now cuz the animation is no
longer suck.
We're just standing there menacingly.
Okay.
What is the is it just build?
What's the inferno like?
This is NHing.
You added hot keys, that's kind of all I
needed then.
What's the How I build this thing again?
>> Where where the hot keys for switching,
my guy?
>> The [ __ ]
Game.
Hey. Ball, I think something might be
wrong here.
Don't tell me it's off like you just
can't click it. It's the thing's broke.
Can't attack it all.
And they go towards me, weird.
And now he just marks me, right?
So, this must be what it's doing.
And this could just be the um
this client, but I don't think so.
So, I think your your vibes done [ __ ]
it in the last couple PRs cuz it was
working before.
Also, I don't know if they aggro on you
like melee now, which is weird.
I'm dead. Yep.
And it's [ __ ] annoying to like the no
sound effects, no nothing.
This tough.
Can we take a break?
All right, sounds good. Um if you just
push some stuff, I'll play around with
it after vault. I'm probably not going
to do super long stream.
Anarchist one.
Yeah, that sounds good. Let me know on
Discord. Uh, was this 220? I think I'll
just quickly do the crafter integration.
And then we will, um,
we'll go from there.
Yeah, well.
>> Zoom sweeps.
Uh if I implemented chess.
>> Five is going to be cool.
I haven't even started five, but yeah.
>> This is not out of bounds.
Good.
>> Two ends with the same bug is
suspicious.
Well, that would be really funny if this
were it.
>> and corruption
has to be men corruption, right?
So, this is
seven
nine
>> I see memory corruption though.
What is it? Why didn't run the
sanitizer?
Um, but wait, this is safe.
No, this is safe actually.
I've been 4 hours.
More work than I'm intending to do while
I'm chilling.
Much better.
Yes, so there's an eval bug.
All right.
I will figure this out tomorrow.
But,
I'm tired. This is
some good progress.
>> All right, cool.
That's it for today.
Thank you, folks. Sorry the puffer. I'll
figure this bug out like tomorrow or
whatever. 4 hour streams good enough for
vacation mode.
Um
I'm going to chill. I'll think about
what the hell could have gone wrong
here.
And we will see uh we'll see from here.